Reject BPFFilter::attachToAllBinds() at configuration time (#11523)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/reference/ebpf.rst

  .. method:: BPFFilter:attachToAllBinds()

    Attach this filter to every bind already defined.
    This is the run-time equivalent of :func:`setDefaultBPFFilter`.

>     This only can be use at run-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This method can be used at run-time only.
```
